about.markdown, before:

---
title: About
---

I love exploring new approaches to development with bleeding-edge technologies.
I have a passion for purely functional programming and promote [Haskell] and
[NixOS] at every opportunity.  When I'm not working on Technology, I make
hobbies of reading, video games, tabletop games (e.g. [Earthdawn]), and playing
bass guitar.

Most of my projects are publicly available on [Github] and more are being
released to [Hackage] as I complete them.  I've programmed in a variety of
languages: [Haskell], [Go], [Python], [Ruby], C++, Fortran, and more I'm not
remembering.  Other projects I contribute to include: [Gentoo], [NixOS], and
[Libraries.io].

TODO Should I add a link to a page on this blog with all of my projects?

Currently, I work on developing cloud native applications in [Haskell]
(leisure) and [Go] \(professional).  I also perform continuous deployments of
applications using [Travis], [Google Cloud Platform] \(including
[Google Cloud Container Builder]), [Heroku] and other technologies.

Previously, I architected and developed a set of services (written in [Python])
geared towards simplifying the container deployment experience.  Along with
development I also created and delivered training focused on [Cloud][unlocked],
[Python], [Ruby], and [Chef].

If you would like to chat about any of these things, feel free to reach out to
me:

* Email: <mailto://alunduil+blog@alunduil.com>
* LinkedIn: <https://www.linkedin.com/in/albrandt/>
* Résumé: <https://docs.google.com/document/d/1nfLBdedMNthqQQNfqAPVw1OkHnKq4kUoLmtiX7EqXDo/edit?usp=sharing>
* Twitter: <https://twitter.com/alunduil>

[Chef]: https://www.chef.io/chef/
[Earthdawn]: http://fasagames.com/earthdawn-whatis/
[Gentoo]: https://gentoo.org/
[Github]: https://github.com/alunduil
[Go]: https://golang.org/
[Google Cloud Container Builder]: https://cloud.google.com/container-builder/docs/
[Google Cloud Platform]: https://cloud.google.com/
[Hackage]: https://hackage.haskell.org/user/alunduil
[Haskell]: https://www.haskell.org/
[Heroku]: https://www.heroku.com/home
[Libraries.io]: https://libraries.io/
[NixOS]: http://nixos.org/
[Python]: https://www.python.org/
[Ruby]: https://www.ruby-lang.org/en/
[Travis]: https://travis-ci.org/
[unlocked]: https://blog.rackspace.com/learn-how-to-cloud-at-unlocked-the-hybrid-cloud

Commit message:

Edit Sentence Structure
Moved some sentences and changed some of the sentence.
No need to link to every project. GitHub should cover most enough for others to get a feel for how you work.

about.markdown, after:

---
title: About
---

I love exploring different approaches to development with new and bleeding-edge 
technologies. A passion for purely functional programming has led me to use and 
promote [Haskell] and [NixOS] whenever possible.

Most of my projects are publicly available on [Github] and more are being
released to [Hackage] as I complete them.  I've programmed in a variety of
languages: [Haskell], [Go], [Python], [Ruby], C++, Fortran, and more I'm not
remembering.  Other projects I contribute to include: [Gentoo], [NixOS], and
[Libraries.io].

Currently, I work on developing cloud native applications in [Haskell]
(leisure) and [Go] \(professional).  I also perform continuous deployments of
applications using [Travis], [Google Cloud Platform] \(including
[Google Cloud Container Builder]), [Heroku] and other technologies.

Previously, I architected and developed a set of services (written in [Python])
geared towards simplifying the container deployment experience.  Along with
development I also created and delivered training focused on [Cloud][unlocked],
[Python], [Ruby], and [Chef].

When I'm not working on Technology, I make hobbies of reading, video games, 
tabletop games (e.g. [Earthdawn]), and playing bass guitar.

If you would like to chat about any of these things, feel free to reach out to
me:

* Email: <mailto://alunduil+blog@alunduil.com>
* LinkedIn: <https://www.linkedin.com/in/albrandt/>
* Résumé: <https://docs.google.com/document/d/1nfLBdedMNthqQQNfqAPVw1OkHnKq4kUoLmtiX7EqXDo/edit?usp=sharing>
* Twitter: <https://twitter.com/alunduil>

[Chef]: https://www.chef.io/chef/
[Earthdawn]: http://fasagames.com/earthdawn-whatis/
[Gentoo]: https://gentoo.org/
[Github]: https://github.com/alunduil
[Go]: https://golang.org/
[Google Cloud Container Builder]: https://cloud.google.com/container-builder/docs/
[Google Cloud Platform]: https://cloud.google.com/
[Hackage]: https://hackage.haskell.org/user/alunduil
[Haskell]: https://www.haskell.org/
[Heroku]: https://www.heroku.com/home
[Libraries.io]: https://libraries.io/
[NixOS]: http://nixos.org/
[Python]: https://www.python.org/
[Ruby]: https://www.ruby-lang.org/en/
[Travis]: https://travis-ci.org/
[unlocked]: https://blog.rackspace.com/learn-how-to-cloud-at-unlocked-the-hybrid-cloud
